Y
good attack movement of the saithe
shot will clothe in the immobility of
pacheco rise of garay occupies all the
front of attack this is no longer
more area in a winning jet and it
it feels like but it was good personal
we thought that they studied their
short ball movement within the
building was collected facts online but
one of the other days they made a
played or attempted a play that the
they did in greece with chinese recoba the
of corner
yes but the pastor's salt shaker to see us
happy we made the move or in the
first time the first play until no
it will have happened then that
there is the goal we made the play and the
play went well to tell the people of
what is the play the player who
I was going to throw the corner and in every line
towards the sign as the corner was going
to throw the then I warned the
line I said let her play until of what
played I went to the air and when the
tony gets the ball online I said no
do not
get out of here says the left played there the
youth players no account has been
spent that they could have grabbed the
elton ball and the owner could have
seized the ball and separatist
third lines of commented anthony of
that those plays had to warn
lengthen in no time has why
notify the referee because the referee in
a north corner does not have to touch you
the whistle for the play to come out
the bottom of the corner for me there is a touch
of ball for me was valid is the
stop
the turkish is a valid move
later if the defense is distracted if
did not notice online and makes a
gesture as saying that it is not worth
but line is the one that is also
distracted in this case I have to yes or yes
to shoot at the referee because if not the
the referee is placed
because in Greece we did it twice and
one of the times I did the
referee does not draw yellow min the Chinese
clear of the cake we did it not the other way around
instead of the center to throw it the
Chinese so I would throw it away so that
stay for my leg and Chinese
taco plays and leaves it outside I go to
look for the ball took her such a vertex
of the big area and hit the arch passes
skimming the one causing the stick
pind referee for the match comes me
take out yellow
very very